Every page of the website 
includes 2 files in the HEAD:

	1. The slider framework JavaScript file.


	2. The slider framework CSS file.

	
	Note: The Swiper and Marquee6k libraries don't
 	      exist in the HEAD unless they're needed.
	      (More on this later.)


A slider page needs 2 things:

	1. The page title needs to match a word 
	   in the framework's whitelist.


	2. The page needs an HTML element with an ID of "slider".


When any page on the website loads, 
the framework checks the URL against the whitelist.

	1. If the page title *isn't included* in the whitelist,
           nothing else happens.


	2. If the page title *is included* in the whitelist,
	   the framework looks for an HTML element with an
	   ID of "slider".


	Note: If the page name is in the whitelist, but there's
	      no element with an ID of "slider", then the console
	      will throw a warning, and nothing else will happen.


When the framework finds an HTML element
with an ID of "slider:

	1. The framework generates placeholder sliders
	   and slides.


	2. PLACEHOLDER_COUNTS determines how many *sliders*
	   will be generated per page.


	3. PLACEHOLDER_SLIDE_COUNT determines how many *slides*
	   per slider.


	Note: The styling for the placeholder slides exists
	      within the framework's CSS file, which is included
	      in the HEAD so it's available immediately.


After the framework injects the placeholder sliders,
it starts to fetch slider data from the server via API calls:

	1. First, the framework pulls in sliders.config.json, 
	   which contains the settings for every slider.

	   (This data includes which slider library to use.)


	2. Next, the framework gets the *user segment data*
	   through an API call.

	   (This data includes segment information, including
	   user session and user favorites.)


	3. After getting user segment data, the framework pulls
	   pageTitle.segment.json from the server.

	   (Each page has its own segment data, which determines
	   which sliders get added based on the user's type.)


	3. Next, the framework pulls in the sliders.json file,
	   which contains the slide information for each slider.

           (This data includes slide content and order.)


	4. Next, the framework determines if the segment requires
	   one or both slider libraries, then prepends them to the
           HEAD of the document.


	5. Next, the framework generates the sliders and their slides,
	   then injects them into the HTML element with an ID of "slider",
	   overwriting the placeholder HTML.

	   (The HTML layout for all sliders and slides is defined in the
	   slider.templates.json file. The templates use {{keys}} for
	   the framework to dynamically fill in with data later.)


	6. After the HTML for all sliders is injected into the page,
	   the framework initializes each slider with the required library.

	   (Note: Sliders will be initialized with default settings.
	       	  Settings specified in slider.config.json will override 
                  default settings.)
	     
